you really doesn't want to know his
family anymore you stay one week thanks
Angie Angie's dead
my name is tetra very much in love
that's what people around here don't
know much about me I'd like to keep it
that way Miranda doesn't even know who
our Father it's
when I met him he said he was a writer
and he held everything he had waiting
against his wrists so what was it about
rivalry you're reading the story or her
father there's only room for one genius
in this family don't you love them you
know what love is in a family like ours
brother it's a quick stab in the heart
he's like a genius it has been off
accomplishments good so why'd you come
here Betty I know everything that I love
or that I'm interested in I picked up
from you you left me and I didn't even
get like an explanation how did you find
these it was accident an accident story
get to it
the great stories they just they don't
have an ending there doesn't have to be
an ending